so hello people i 'm with you again
a board of his doll and that with
the sascha berger poß and she has the
abilities to rescue animals
that's why prof is kept green because of
mother nature and the animals blabla
That's why behind it on leaves and criticism
to the fox I believe and
ornaments separate here below
always in the background with animals full and
mother Nature
the cat is a frog her pet
creativeness but living here
lamp now know in the oven all the way
many plant when here difficult map
with which you can unlock something
on your homepage
and then the back here is indeed
soon the animal kingdom has her
spell how do you call that magical
say no idea by spam under her
man does not know her like something like god
google so she will help her with
to be able to talk to every topic everywhere
magical power came to communicate with him
Lizard mark so do not doubt
Answer, there are no tattoos so synonymous
doubt cat tattoo sees him there
again a fcb is sleeping here scruff
favorite subject exotic animal
languages ​​and fashion passion 464
modest here the drawing I get
not on it and nice if that
sign the sticker of zapf creation
nice on the picture too gossip and here
surfaces scruff and then if I the
good times to unpack so through with
sascha my wife is unpacked and ii
that comes well knows can black white
hair
what ex
long is her aspiration to go though only
half but well
and she has a good hat on that
is so bright now the camera one through
the lamp she has green make up and
cat's eyes dark brown where he
dark brown lipstick then she has
it would take a long time for a brochure
earrings on both sides and her calf
has field front to drum and
of course the witches academy logo like
whatever your camp cape is like that
shown patterned in black light purple
pink and light green
then she has a top on almost in the
middle of a dress so it is actually
a dress that is so bright pink or with
Sleeves this song are lena represent
black and at the end it becomes like
the dress itself for the choosing the
to blow ram and two belts with
captain theme finger golden buckles
down net tights that determines
represent and not so now
are decorated
and of course she comes again
a broom brush and with the cards
with the one if you never went away
what can hang and of course with one
Dolls stand pretty fast this time
what do you think of our sascha boller
see you next time